---
title: 2021-02-06-dm-minutes
---

## (CYBERIA CAFE & [CODING] CLUB)
2021-02-06 --- 19:00-20:00
DIRECTOR MEETING
MINUTES
----------
## Call to Order

## Check In => How are you doing?
## 1. General Vision/Concept
### ideal visions - where do we want to end up?
#### doesnâ€™t seem like it has changed
### practical visions near term in light of covid
#### starting small and agile, working on documentation, looking into Communitywise
### are our goals aligned?
#### seems like we are all still on the same page
## 2. Next Steps:
### digital infrastructure (server[s], website, social media)
#### Jacob will work on and coordinate with Liam once server(s) installed
### creating supplemental documentation:
#### policies
#### Liam and Mark will coordinate to work on
#### [template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AfWPBVYEkmFEIUNGHcWGiAWRsRlQTM4D2T6XyBLO9ss/edit?usp=sharing
#### [example](https://docum.ents.ca./GeneralPolicies-October2018.pdf)
#### code of conduct
## Liam and Mark will coordinate to work on
## [template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kGwts6JsH_4ObXs3Kgeyum66BW12EcXqibDFv2OnKIk/edit?usp=sharing
## [example](https://docum.ents.ca./CodeOfConduct.pdf)
## business plan - budget
## Liam will draft and Mark will review
## discuss Secretary
## Liam
## discuss Treasurer
## Mark
## opening a bank account (where? - Servus?)
## Mark will look into and determine number of signatories required, options
## initial funding - grants - partnerships
## could be an idea, Mark will look into
## renting space - requirements - funding
## Liam will look into Communitywise as a starter option - can provide larger spaces for teaching classes - may be 200-300/month - we may need to occupy the space to some extent - they may not be open for 4-5 months.
## discuss Director replacement or additions
## as we have quorum with 3, we can worry about this once we get going and more people are involved
## Chungus/Adjourn